---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "deno_assets Data Source - terraform-provider-deno"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  A data source for a list of assets to be deployed.
  For how to use this data source with deno_deployment resource, please refer to the doc of deno_deployment resource.
---

# deno_assets (Data Source)

A data source for a list of assets to be deployed.

For how to use this data source with deno_deployment resource, please refer to the doc of deno_deployment resource.

## Example Usage

```terraform
# This data source is intended to be used with `deno_deployment` resource.
# For full example, see the doc of `deno_deployment`.

data "deno_assets" "my_assets" {
  path    = "src"
  pattern = "**/*.{ts,txt,png}"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `path` (String) The root directory path of the assets. e.g. `../dist`
- `pattern` (String) The glob pattern to match the assets within the directory specified in `path`. e.g. `**/*.{js,ts,json}`

### Optional

- `target` (String) The target directory path where the assets will be put in the runtime virtual filesystem.
For example, if "target" is set to "foo/bar", then the assets will be placed under the directory "foo/bar" in the runtime virtual filesystem.

If this field is omitted, the assets will be put under the "." directory in the runtime virtual filesystem.

### Read-Only

- `output` (Attributes Map) The assets map, whose key is the asset path used in the runtime virtual filesystem, and the value is the asset metadata. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--output))

<a id="nestedatt--output"></a>
### Nested Schema for `output`

Read-Only:

- `content_source_path` (String) The file path of the asset in the local filesystem.
- `git_sha1` (String) The git SHA1 of the asset. It is only available for `file` asset.
- `kind` (String) The kind of the asset. It can be either `file` or `symlink`.
- `target` (String) The target file path of the symlink in the the runtime virtual filesystem. It is only available for `symlink` asset.
